A. User Stories
User Features
•	Account Registration/Login: Through the traditional pairing (email address/phone number/username + personalized platform password), or directly through social platforms such as Gmail, Facebook or Instagram with verification algorithm.
•	Manage Profile: Setting features that allow users to change their username, password, bind account, phone number, email address etc.).
•	Submit Report: For users to instantaneously report the issues encountered while passing by the locations.
•	Upload Photos: For more visual representation of the problem occurred.
•	Manage fault report: To delete or edit the report once realized inaccuracies between the description and actual situation.
•	View nearby faulty facilities on map: Allow real time updates of the situation around user through tracking user of user and the report made.
•	Upvote Post: For the usage of passing by user that encounters same problem with the facilities.
•	Give Feedback: For user to give their opinion and satisfaction on the follow up progress of the problem. Whether it needs to be reissued or is resolved perfectly.
•	Receive notifications: Warning user for nearby hazard, updating the progress of the problem nearby and general announcements for global users.

Admin Features
•	Account Login: Allow full access to the application in the administrative dashboard.
•	View Faulty Facilities on Map: Allow administrator to view the issues reported on a broader scale (by state, city, country) and increase the efficiency of the work assignment.
•	Manage Reports: Categorizing the facility issues and removing the duplication, ensuring organized information for both user and city workers.
•	Verify Reports: Verification step that ensures the credibility of the report, removing the possibility of hoax report, crime syndicate or misuse of platform.
•	Assigning priority level: Ensuring that the problem that is encountered by most users is solved first (according to number of upvote) to prevent major accidents happening in a high-density population area.
•	Manage city worker accounts: Controlling the operation flow of manpower (city worker) with a uniform standard and portal to prevent miscommunication.
•	Generate maintenance report: For future strategizing, critical aspect identification and estimate the fund/facilities required for the city council
•	Send alerts and announcements: To give latest information about the faulty facilities and operations of the platform to both users and city workers.


City Worker Features
•	Account Login: Granted access as the employee to the platform that are consistently receiving jobs and tracked according to working hours.
•	View Assigned maintenance tasks: Allow city workers to have further understanding of the details and location of the task that is assigned to them currently.
•	Navigation to faulty locations: Directing city workers towards the location with the fastest possible route (similar algorithm to Waze and google maps).
•	Tracking working hours: An indicator that measures their performance, efficiency and salary while working as an employee on the platform.
•	Update repair status: For city workers to easily notify the administrator and user regarding the progress of the reported faulty facilities and further actions taken (road closure, road reopened).
•	Upload completion evidence: To show the completed work as a proof and record of completion, also shows their accountability to the platform user and administrator.

B. Functional Requirements
User
1.	The system shall allow users to sign up an account if they wish to create a new account.
2.	The system shall allow users to log in using an account if their account exists in the database.
3.	The system shall allow users to manage their profile according to their preference (edit name, email address, password, profile picture)
4.	The system shall display a map of user surroundings according to their current location.
5.	The system shall allow users to view nearby faulty facilities on the map of their current surroundings.
6.	The system shall allow users to view a list of nearby reports in text form.
7.	The system shall allow users to upvote existing reports if they encounter same problems in the location.
8.	The system shall send notifications to users (nearby hazard alerts, general announcements, job progress)
9.	 The system shall allow users to submit a new report of faulty facilities.
10.	The system shall allow users to upload photos along with the report.
11.	The system shall automatically detect and attach user GPS real-time location to the report.
12.	The system shall allow users to view the status of their reports (Pending, in progress, resolved)
13.	The system shall allow users to give feedback after a report is resolved.
14.	The system shall allow users to edit the content of their own report.
15.	The system shall allow users to delete their own reports.

Admin
1.	The system shall allow the admin to log in to the administrative dashboard.
2.	The system shall allow admin to view maps (filtered by country, state)
3.	The system shall allow admins to view faulty facilities reports submitted by users on the map.
4.	The system shall allow admin to verify reports before processing.
5.	The system shall allow admin to merge duplicate reports with a user for a more organized database.
6.	The system shall allow admin to set priority level based on the number of upvotes by users.
7.	The system shall allow the admin to assign jobs to the city worker based on the nearest location.
8.	The system shall allow the admin to generate reports (Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Annually) for future improvements and strategizing.
9.	The system shall allow the admin to send notifications (job alert for city workers, hazard alert for the user nearby, general announcement).
10.	The system shall allow the admin to update city facility information.
11.	The system shall allow the admin to manage the access of city workers.
12.	The system shall allow the admin to create worker account.
13.	The system shall allow the admin to edit the information on workers’ accounts (home address, phone number, payment account).
14.	The system shall allow the admin to remove worker accounts (retirement, resignation, termination).
15.	The system shall allow the admin to activate/deactivate worker accounts (on leave, sick leave, reinstatement).
16.	The system shall allow the admin to view the worker status for further procedural (available, busy).
17.	The system shall allow the admin to view worker performance (job completed, hours worked) for future actions (bonus, increment, penalization, promotion).


City Worker
1.	The system shall allow city workers to log in to their accounts.
2.	The system shall allow city workers to view the jobs assigned to them.
3.	The system shall allow city workers to view the job details (facilities specific problems, tools needed, manpower needed, estimated duration).
4.	The system shall allow city workers to view the navigation towards the location.
5.	The system shall allow city workers to track their accumulated hours.
6.	The system shall allow city workers to update job status (Started, in progress, Insufficient resources, Unsolvable, Completed).
7.	The system shall allow city workers to upload latest photos that serve as proof of work.




C. Non-Functional Requirements
System should require authentication for all users before accessing personal features
System shall encrypt user passwords
System should make sure that all user interface pages load are less than 3 seconds under normal network conditions
System shall process report submissions within 2 to 3 seconds after user confirmation
System are able to backup data daily
System are available 24/7 except during maintenance period
The system shall implement role-based access control to ensure that only authorized users, including administrators and city workers, can access functions according to their assigned roles.
Data shall not be lost during unexpected shutdown
System shall provide user friendly interface that is easy to navigate for all user roles
New users shall be able to understand main features within 5  minutes without training
The system shall provide clear icons, labels and instructions to assist users in completing tasks
Scheduled maintenance shall be announced in advance to users
Systems are able be scalable to support increasing numbers of users and reports in the future
System updates shall not significantly interrupt normal operations
